enhancement: Add support for test fixtures (#294)
cerbos/cerbos: docs/modules/policies/pages/compile.adoc

.Test suite definition
[source,yaml]
----
---
name: AlbumObjectTestSuite <1>
description: Tests for verifying the album:object resource policy <2>
resources: <3>
  alicia_album:
    kind: "album:object",
    attr:
      owner: aliciaID,
      id: XX125,
      public: false,
      flagged: false
principals: <4>
  bradley:
    id: bradleyID
    roles:
      - user
  alicia:
    id: aliciaID
    roles:
      - user
tests: <5>
  - name: Alicia tries to view her own private album <6>
    input: { <7>
      "requestId": "test",
      "actions": ["view", "delete"],
      "resource": "alicia_album"
    }
    expected: <8>
      - principal: alicia
        actions:
          view: EFFECT_ALLOW
          delete: EFFECT_ALLOW
      - principal: bradley
        actions:
          view: EFFECT_DENY
          delete: EFFECT_DENY
----
<1> Name of the test suite
<2> Description of the test suite
<3> Map of resources. A key is a string that can be used to refer to the associated resource
<4> Map of principals. A key is a string that can be used to refer to the associated principal
<5> List of tests in this suite
<6> Name of the test
<7> Input to the policy engine

> <8> List of outcome expected for a specified principal and a given action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<8> List of outcomes expected for a specified principal and a given action.
```

It is possible to share principals and resources between

> test suites stored in the same directory. Create a `testdata` directory in the directory with your test suite files, then put shared resources and principals to `testdata\resources.yml` and `testdata\principals.yml` respectively (`yaml` and `json` extensions are also supported).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
test suites stored in the same directory. Create a `testdata` directory in the directory containing your test suite files, then define shared resources and principals in `testdata\resources.yml` and `testdata\principals.yml` respectively (`yaml` and `json` extensions are also supported).
```

> .An example of `testdata\principals.yml`

Reviewer: Let's add an example for `resources.yaml` as well. We can also illustrate how to use YAML anchors and link to an external site that has good documentation on the subject.

Author: Done

[source,yaml]
----
---
principals:
  john:
    id: johnID
    roles:
      - user
      - moderator
----

> To run the tests, provide the path to the tests' directory using the `--tests` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the tests, provide the path to the tests directory using the `--tests` flag.
```
